user-modules (Task No. 23) (#855)
contao/docs: docs/manual/layout/module-management/user-modules.en.md

    </form>
</div>

**Editable fields:** Here you can define which fields a new member has to fill in during registration. To enable the 

> login in the frontend, you have to activate at least the fields username and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
login in the front end, you have to activate at least the fields username and password.
```
